okay good morning YouTube I am coming
through ups a day I posted up a video
yesterday about my hair and how is
having issues and everything with it and
but I said I'll come go back and try to
crochet braids hence the braid this one
got some braids in my hair I get the
back let me see if y'all see it in the
little like cornrows like I think her
name is the daily apple but i will post
a little side note would ever so y'all
can see but uh cornrow my hair like she
say I put some braids in there but
they're not kind of took the hint from
this other girl up here i'm gonna try to
post her name where she has the middle
so it can look like a part when you're
done so i'm so mad because I
went to the beauty supply and this is
the hair it's wavy and I was going to
this quazy twist by freetress this is
what it looks like big twist you guys
see the girls on the pack the hair is
wavy this is to hear thank y'all can see
they're hard i'm gonna try to clear it
up oh yeah it's deep twist and like I
say God seems to hear so this is what it
looks like so when I ends up going to
the beauty supply and buy fish show
the difference this wavy and this I
didn't want this this is the name of
this it's called go go girl and it's
more curly I didn't want that put that
back I don't want that because I didn't
want a curl you know I wanted more of a
way but the beauty supply is it's not
far from our house but it's not walking
distance and the buses over there run
kind of funny so now I met so my husband
took me to the beauty supply like a
million times this week we probably been
to the beauty supply probably like three
four times so you know I'm saying I'm
not trying to run him ragged but I'm
just so mad cuz I thought I did not want
their hair I wanted more it was quick so
I'm just use what I've got you know what
I mean I'm not gonna go back back to the
beauty supply
I'm just going to try to see what it's
going to look like so I don't know when
I'm gonna post this video's I have a lot
of stuff to do like I have to clean the
house wash clothes and who knows if i
even get done with my hair today so
today saturday think is the first so
it's a lot of stuff that needs to be
done if i have to do is it up and
putting off so oh I got this new nail
polishes problem gorgeous sinful colors
it's as if you supply where I got this
hair and this is what it looks like I
don't know if y'all can see it but it's
like it looks blue sometimes and then it
looks green guess what it looks like
yeah but it's so cute or whatever like I
wish I can see the person is like really
really really really cute so I fell on
stack up on my nail polish collection so
they got a bunch of colors and then I
love the name by Tokyo girl and cream
pink so imma get a lot of those or
whatever and I'm not really gonna do the
nail tutorials because I just keep my
nails playing but i will keep y'all
updated 12 different colors that I did
so basically that's say I'm a post it's
like I said hopefully today I just got
so much stuff to do and I'll try to do a
video when i'm done to let y'all know
how I go or maybe i'll come back to
y'all while i'm in the middle over there
were to show y'all but wish me luck
y'all all right